Commands starting with 'my' were written by ZT in order to facilitate the
evaluation at multiple values of the input parameters.

The perl script mymultinumerics.pl is used for running the integration
set up by secdec. Switches:
-d specifies the directory that contains the intput file 
-p specifies the input file
The latter has n+2 rows:
the 1st row specifies the original input file that belongs to the .m
mathematica file
the 2nd row specifies the number of value sets at which the integral is
to be evaluated (has to be <= n)
the next n rows specify the value sets.

The shell script 'mynum' shows example how to run mymultinumerics.pl

Once the integrals are evaluated many new files are created. 
The most important ones are
np....input files in the specified directory.
These are generated input files, copies of the original input file
for each set of values.
In the subdir specified in the input file there are .res files that
contain the results of the integration. The file NAMEfull.res contains the
collected results for all powers of epsilon. NAME starts with the name of
the subdir, followed by the parameter values. In these files the output
is not conveient for fitting the results. In order to produce an input
table for the fitting, one can use the shell script 'mycollect', which
shows an example how to run myresults.pl (has to be called from a working
directory, such as ICS5!)
cd workingdir
../mycollect np1e0*
collects results from input files npe1e0* in the working directory
specified with the -d switch in the script and produces a file 'all.res'
in the subdirectory specified at mymultinumerics.pl

myCleanfiles:
After running mycollect and save the results you can clean the working
dir using the 'myCleanfiles' script. This script will delete all np1e0*
files in the subdirectories (except .input files). The script has two
arguments, the first one is for the directory which you want to clear,
the second one is the name of the files.
Example: you want to clear the ICS5d03d13l2 directory in the ICS5
directory. Then type
./myCleanfiles ICS5/ICS5d03d13l2 np1e0
Important: You have to write np1e0 not np1e0*, and the script will
delete all the np1e0* files.
At the script will exit with error messages because the it wants to
change into the batch*l0h0 files but these are not directories. This is
a little mistake but all the other parts of the script works fine.

